Create target for installation of libraries and headers into file system (#1519)
aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C: CMakeLists.txt

# Configure options to always show in CMake GUI.
option( BUILD_TESTS
        "Set this to ON to build test executables."
        OFF )

> option( BUILD_DEMOS

Reviewer: The `build-check-demos` job will have to be updated to pass this flag so that the demo targets are available in the job run

        "Set this to ON to build demo executables."
        ON )
option( BUILD_CLONE_SUBMODULES
        "Set this to ON to automatically clone any required Git submodules. When OFF, submodules must be manually cloned."
        ON )
option( DOWNLOAD_CERTS
        "Set this to ON to automatically download certificates needed to run the demo. When OFF, certificates must be manually downloaded."
        ON )

> option( INSTALL_PLATFORM

Reviewer: Pedantic suggestion for better readability
```suggestion
option( INSTALL_PLATFORM_LIBS
```

>         "Set this to ON to install any platform-related dependencies."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Set this to ON to install to the system the POSIX platform-specific libraries that are used by demos in C-SDK."
```
